Bryce that's enough she wasn't the right
one for you she was like everything
that's just not true your love again I
promise you I know just what to do who
are you I'm spandy andy i'll make you
feel better how dance dance dance look
guys I am not in the mood to dance right
now okay even if I was I'm not wearing
the right clothes brace we're dancing
for love close your eyes and imagine
you're wearing something amazing and
you're in the most beautiful place in
the world
band back thunder dancing for love
read along with your friends with your
friends
boy yeah
we are dancing for love wow I feel so
much better was that a dream with let a
dream you know the whole spandy andy
dancing spandex oh no Fanny's very real
he's right over there spandy hey guys
hope you liked that video pretty crazy
right make sure you subscribe to us
better other films in this guy spandy
andy titan Bray click like and spread
love yourself are you guys proud to love
send us your best video response and
show us how proud you are to love find a
good hiding place